Hello everyone! In this lesson, we will pack our game and run it from the binary.
I recommend doing this as often as possible: to check that everything is going and working correctly
with the latest changes . I also added additional materials
from the shooter game: one material for the floor, another for the steps, which I specially created so that
we can check the jump animation. Let's pack our game. The first thing we will do is go
to project settings, to the maps and modes category and check that the game default map is set to TestLevel.
This setting is responsible for the card that will start when our exe starts.
Next, go to the main menu, file, package project. In the build configuration, select shipping.
And then windows, windows 64 bit. Create a build folder at the root of our project or anywhere and click ok.
The assembly will take some time. We can open the output log and watch the output to the console.
So, our game is packed. Open the build folder, WindowsNoEditor and run the exe file.
We all packaged our game. Everything works in the release build.
So far, there is not much to do in our game, but from the point of view of the quality of
software development, it is extremely important to build the project as often as possible.